[Doc] Include IPv6 networks in denied-peer-ips (#18781)
element-hq/synapse: docs/setup/turn/coturn.md

    # recommended additional local peers to block, to mitigate external access to internal services.

>     # https://www.rtcsec.com/article/slack-webrtc-turn-compromise-and-bug-bounty/#how-to-fix-an-open-turn-relay-to-address-this-vulnerability

Reviewer: Looks like this link redirects to `https://www.enablesecurity.com/blog/slack-webrtc-turn-compromise-and-bug-bounty/#how-to-fix-an-open-turn-relay-to-address-this-vulnerability` now.

```suggestion
    # https://www.enablesecurity.com/blog/slack-webrtc-turn-compromise-and-bug-bounty/#how-to-fix-an-open-turn-relay-to-address-this-vulnerability
```

We might as well update it to match
